d/aws_connect_instance_storage_config (#27308)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/connect_instance_storage_config.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_instance_storage_config"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Instance Storage Config.
---

# Data Source: aws_connect_instance_storage_config

Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Instance Storage Config.

## Example Usage

> ```hcl

Reviewer: This should be `terraform`

```suggestion
```terraform
```

data "aws_connect_instance_storage_config" "example" {
  association_id = "1234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234"
  instance_id    = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111"
  resource_type  = "CONTACT_TRACE_RECORDS"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `association_id` - (Required) The existing association identifier that uniquely identifies the resource type and storage config for the given instance ID.

> * `instance_id` - (Required) Reference to the hosting Amazon Connect Instance

Reviewer 2: Recommend aligning with the SDK description: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/connect#DescribeInstanceStorageConfigInput

```suggestion
* `instance_id` - (Required) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. 
```

Author: For the Connect set of resources, a consistent description for the `instance_id` is used to emphasise that the ID belongs to the hosting instance. This is because an account can potentially have multiple Connect instances.

* `resource_type` - (Required) A valid resource type. Valid Values: `CHAT_TRANSCRIPTS` | `CALL_RECORDINGS` | `SCHEDULED_REPORTS` | `MEDIA_STREAMS` | `CONTACT_TRACE_RECORDS` | `AGENT_EVENTS` | `REAL_TIME_CONTACT_ANALYSIS_SEGMENTS`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all of the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance, `association_id`, and `resource_type` separated by a colon (`:`).

Reviewer 2: Are `id` and `instance_id` the same value? Or is `id` a unique value? It's not clear to me from this description.

Author: The `id` is formed by `<instance_id >:<association_id>:<resource_type>` where `instance_id` is part of the formed `id`. `instance_id` is described in full as `The identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance`. Would it be clearer for practitioners if it's changed to 

```suggestion
* `id` - Formed from the `instance_id`, `association_id`, and `resource_type` separated by a colon (`:`).

Reviewer: `id` is technically a leaked implementation detail from `terrraform-plugin-sdk`, so documenting it is not required.

> * `storage_config` - Specifies the storage configuration options for the Connect Instance. [Documented below](#storage_config).

Reviewer: Thanks for including the links in the documentation

* `s3_config` - A block that specifies the configuration of S3 Bucket. [Documented below](#s3_config).
* `storage_type` - A valid storage type. Valid Values: `S3` | `KINESIS_VIDEO_STREAM` | `KINESIS_STREAM` | `KINESIS_FIREHOSE`.

#### `kinesis_firehose_config`

The `kinesis_firehose_config` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `firehose_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the delivery stream.

#### `kinesis_stream_config`

The `kinesis_stream_config` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `stream_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the data stream.

#### `kinesis_video_stream_config`

The `kinesis_video_stream_config` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `encryption_config` - The encryption configuration. [Documented below](#encryption_config).
* `prefix` - The prefix of the video stream. Minimum length of `1`. Maximum length of `128`. When read from the state, the value returned is `<prefix>-connect-<connect_instance_alias>-contact-` since the API appends additional details to the `prefix`.

> * `retention_period_hours` - The number of hours data is retained in the stream. Kinesis Video Streams retains the data in a data store that is associated with the stream. Minimum value of `0`. Maximum value of `87600`. A value of `0`, indicates that the stream does not persist data.

Reviewer 2: Since these values are computed, do you need to specify minimum and maximum values for `prefix` and `retention_period_hours`?

Author: The values were used here to help practitioners understand the meaning of the number `0`. Since the minimum value was specified in this description, the maximum was included for completeness.

> * `retention_period_hours` - The number of hours data is retained in the stream. Kinesis Video Streams retains the data in a data store that is associated with the stream. Minimum value of `0`. Maximum value of `87600`. A value of `0`, indicates that the stream does not persist data.

Reviewer: Minor punctuation nit

```suggestion
* `retention_period_hours` - The number of hours data is retained in the stream. Kinesis Video Streams retains the data in a data store that is associated with the stream. Minimum value of `0`. Maximum value of `87600`. A value of `0` indicates that the stream does not persist data.
```

> * `retention_period_hours` - The number of hours data is retained in the stream. Kinesis Video Streams retains the data in a data store that is associated with the stream. Minimum value of `0`. Maximum value of `87600`. A value of `0`, indicates that the stream does not persist data.

Reviewer: The first two sentences are repetitive, and could be simplified. Maybe something like

```suggestion
* `retention_period_hours` - The number of hours to retain the data in a data store associated with the stream. Minimum value of `0`. Maximum value of `87600`. A value of `0`, indicates that the stream does not persist data.
```
